[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu destroyed
city after city,
using his dreaded powers to
transform millions into clay,
then shaped his
squishy victims into
the strangest
vacation home ever built.
Meanwhile, at the Lookout,
Goten and Trunks continued
their Fusion dance practice,
but had to pause
when Goku reached
his time limit
for visiting Earth.
With a final vote of confidence
to Goten and Trunks,
he returned to Otherworld,
sure that the boys could
save the earth without him.
Once in Otherworld,
King Yemma told Goku
that Gohan was not there.
He's still alive somewhere
else in the universe!
[GOKU gasps]
It's Gohan's energy!
I'd know it anywhere!
Huh. Where is he?
[NARRATOR] Goku reunites
with Gohan now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
[GOHAN grunts]
Aaah!
[grunting]
[yells, grunts]
Aah!
[KIBITO groans]
Uh. Dad, you're here?
Woo! Close shave.
Huh? Hey. Hey Gohan,
why are you dressed up
like one of the Kais?
[GOHAN chuckles]
It's kind of
a funny story, actually.
Hold on.
Is that Supreme Kai?
And that other guy.
What's his name?
Big guy, supposed to be dead?
What? Impossible!
Another mortal here to
tarnish our sacred lands?
That's good to know.
I was just about
to ask where we were.
[GOHAN] And I was about to ask
why you're here at all!
Your 24 hours on Earth
can't be over already, right?
Oh, yeah. About that.
[GOHAN] I figured things
were bad, but not that bad.
Buu's gonna take out
the whole planet!
That monster!
[GOKU] Hey, let me see
that sword for a second.
You called it
the Z-Sword, right?
Yeah.
[GOHAN]
Here, give it a try, Dad.
It's pretty heavy, though.
[GOKU hollers]
Woo! You weren't kidding!
This is the heaviest thing
I've felt in years!
--[GOHAN] I know, right?
--[GOKU] Wow!
[GOKU grunts]
[BOTH yelp]
[GOKU] So this sword...
is gonna make you...
...powerful enough to beat Buu?
That's awesome news, son.
[KIBITO]
What is going on today?
Someone else swinging
the Z-Sword around
like it's nothing more than
a useless piece of scrap metal?
Question. Supreme Kai,
do you mind if I hang out
on this planet until Gohan goes
back to Earth to fight Buu?
Uh, yeah, sure. Go on
and make yourself at home.
And I hate to keep imposing,
but you got anything
good around here to snack on?
Because it feels like
I haven't eaten in days!
[SUPREME KAI]
I suppose. Uh, Gohan,
would you like
a lunch break, too?
Sure!
Well, follow me!
I'll show you the way.
[GOHAN] Dad, you gotta
tell me more about going
Super Saiyan Three.
That sounds incredible.
I know! After we eat,
I'll do more than
just tell you about it;
I'll show you!
[NARRATOR]
And so, with one day passed,
and one day left before they
meet Majin Buu in battle.
[TRUNKS, GOTEN snoring]
[PICCOLO grunts]
Augh!
Get up! There's no time to sleep
when you haven't
mastered Fusion!
--[TRUNKS] Ngh!
--[GOTEN] Oow!
Now! Get cleaned up,
get some food,
and get right back
into training!
Buu has almost
destroyed the earth!
You got that?
[BOTH yawn]
[PICCOLO] Good. You have
one more day to practice.
I expect you both to use
the time to prove Goku right!
C'mon, get fired up! Let's move!
[snoring]
[PICCOLO grunts]
I hate to do it,
but you boys
leave me no choice!
[grunts]
You didn't have to
slap us awake.
[PICCOLO] I'm sorry, but the
gravity of our current situation
doesn't seem to be sinking in.
The only two people
who can save the earth
are you boys,
so get with the program!
Man, I don't think
I've ever seen Piccolo
this fired up before.
So, what are you waiting for?
--[TRUNKS] Sir!
--What?
[TRUNKS] We're happy
to be training again,
but before we start,
can you refresh our memory
and show us the Fusion
pose one more time?
I know it's a lot of work,
but I don't think
we've seen the whole
dance done correctly
other than that one time
with you and Goku.
Yeah, I'm with Trunks.
We have to see it done
at least once more,
or we'll never be able to do it.
[BOTH]
Please!
Krillin! Get over here!
Who? Me?
Sure. You saw us
doing it yesterday, right?
I assume you took
some notes on the routine?
I-- I guess
I sorta know it, yeah--
but why me?
Everyone one else here
saw you guys doing it,
too, you know.
[gasps]
Hey! Where'd you'd go? Not fair!
You guys can't leave me
high and dry like this!
[sighs]
I guess the kids wanna see
their Uncle Krillin dance.
[BOTH laugh]
All right. Now watch closely!
[BOTH]
'Kay...!
Wait, hold up. It starts
with the hands, right?
--Let's go, Krillin!
--Uh. Yeah.
[PICCOLO, KRILLIN]
Fu...
...sion!
Ha!
I... I still can't
get over how silly looking
this Fusion thing is.
So, awkward.
Gee! Thanks, I hadn't
noticed that, Goten!
Hey! We're only doing this pose
because you kids
asked us to show you again!
That's it! No more talking back!
Now it's your turn!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN groan]
[DEAD SOULS murmur]
[YEMMA sighs]
[ATTENDANT OGRE 38B]
King Yemma, your majesty, sir,
can I ask a question?
What now?
Uh, sir. I don't
want to be a complainer,
but can we please
go home for the day?
Then stop complaining!
Ever since things started
getting weird on Earth,
we've been working
quadruple time!
We've didn't even
get to go to lunch
at that food truck we like!
[ATTENDANT OGRE 38B]
If we keep working this hard,
we might end up in
that endless line ourselves!
Hey! I deserve a break
as much as you two,
but we can't exactly
knock off early
--and ignore these souls, right?
--[BOTH] Right.
Sitting here
and passing judgment
on the wandering
souls of the dead,
directing them to the world
where they will spend eternity.
This is our calling!
[ATTENDANT OGRE 39B]
King Yemma, sir!
I'm afraid I have bad news!
What is it?
[ATTENDANT OGRE 39B]
Another batch of souls
just came in from Earth.
One-point-five million of them!
One-point-what?!
[ATTENDANT OGRE 38B, 39A groan]
Hm. Can one of you please
tell me what exactly
is going on down there?
[NEWSMAN 39A] The numbers
are beyond comprehension.
Nearly every major city, and
two thirds of all human life,
wiped out in Majin Buu's
relentless attacks.
Unless the earth's remaining
militaries can stop him,
the planet will be nothing
but a floating graveyard
by the end of tomorrow.
Hey! What's that?
[CROWD gasps]
[BUU]
Blah-ah-la-la-la!
[screaming]
[BUU]
Woo!
Who's next?
[BUU]
Hmmm.
Oh! Buu not gonna let
human get away! Ha!
Ya!
[laughs]
Hey! Why, hello there!
Who's in front of me?
Hm? You can't tell
by looking at Buu?
I hate to disappoint you, sir,
but I've been blind
as a bat since birth.
Should I know you?
Are you some kinda
pop star or something?
Stop teasing Buu.
You keep eyes closed for joke.
You open them right now.
Even with my eyes open
and the sun shining
I still can't see, sir.
Like I said,
I'm completely blind.
Okay. So that why
you not scared of Buu. See!
[BOY 39A gasps]
Hey! What did you do to me?
You'll see.
You open up those eyes!
[BOY 39A]
But I can't see, remem--
[BUU]
Buu said open up!
[BOY 39A gasping]
I can see!
[laughs]
I can see! I can see!
My eyes! They work!
You healed them!
I'm not dreaming, am I?
I can really see now?
[laughs]
Now, look at Majin Buu!
Tha--Thank you, sir!
Uuuh...
I can see! Thank you!
Oh, thank you, sir!
You've changed my life!
Oh man, I can't believe it!
You not scared?
[BOY 39A] So, are you
from another country
or something, mister?
Country?
Yeah. I've never
felt pointy things
on people's heads
in these parts.
[BUU]
Hmmm.
Hm. Hey.
Is Buu handsome?
It's hard for me to say.
But I don't really see why not.
You're the giant,
handsome magician
who cured my blindness!
Thanks. Aaah...
Handsome Buu! Handsome Buu!
Oh! Before I forget,
let me pay you.
Pay Buu?
[BOY 39A] I was gonna
buy milk, but people keep
shouting at me that all
the stores are on fire.
And the city, too,
now that I think about it.
Oh! I found it! Here!
[giggles]
[BUU]
Huuuh?
[grunts]
Ugh. No good!
[BUU]
Wait here for Buu.
What? No way!
People from other
countries know how to fly?
Aaah!
[DELIVERY MAN grunts]
[BUU]
Ah.
It's Buu!
Buu turn you to milk!
[DELIVERY MAN yells]
[laughs]
♪
[BOY 39A] He must've had to go
far to find a store not on fire.
Ah! I think that's him!
'Kay. Coins taste gross.
Buu got yummy
milk drink for you.
Okay. Makes sense.
Drink before it get warm.
Uh...
[chuckles]
Thank you!
[BOY 39A] Wait! Thanks again
for everything, mister!
The cold milk and the whole
curing my blindness thing!
Money is yucky!
Milk is yummy!
Money is yucky! Milk is yummy!
[BUU]
Hmm?
[BUU grunts, chuckles]
Wah-hahahaha!
I am "Handsome Buu!"
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Fu...sion! Ha!
[PICCOLO]
Again!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Fu...sion! Ha!
No, it's still not right!
C'mon, guys! You have to
improve your timing!
Look, kids, because it's
a merging of powers,
no matter how well
you do the pose,
if you don't get
all the details right--
like synchronizing
your breathing--
you'll never make it work!
Don't yell at me.
Yell at Goten; he's too slow!
It's not that I'm too slow,
it's that Trunks
is going too fast.
--Take that back!
--No, you!
[TRUNKS grunts]
All right, that's enough!
Break it up!
There's no time left
for your fighting!
If you wanna throw down
with each other,
you'll do it after
you beat Majin Buu!
Got it?
[exhales]
Good. Now get back to training!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Yes, sir.
Fu...sion! Ha!
[PICCOLO]
Again!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Fu...sion! Ha!
[PICCOLO]
Wrong! Again!
Hmm. I was under
the impression the boys
had the hang of it.
Well, goodbye Planet Earth.
Thank you.
--[PICCOLO] Again!
--[ROSHI] Hmm. Ha!
Done.
So, are any of you
still optimistic
this Fusion plan will work?
[A18 grunting]
[KRILLIN whispers]
Uh... Wait. Wha--uhh.
[A18 grunting]
[KRILLIN whispers]
What are you tryin' to--I mean?
[ROSHI]
Mm?
--[ROSHI] Hm?
--[A18 clears throat]
They'll get it right,
with time to spare.
There's no way Goku
would be wrong about them.
[KRILLIN]
Ooh. Hmhmmm!
--[A18] Mmm!
--[shrieks]
[A18 groans]
[grunting]
[yells]
[grunts]
Huuuuuaaa!
Whoohoo! Show that
sword who's boss!
[GOHAN chuckles]
[GOKU] I can't believe
how good you've gotten with it
in less than a day!
I'm really proud of you, son!
[SUPREME KAI] I never doubted
you were the one to wield it.
[GOHAN chuckles nervously]
I'll bet the Z-Sword
is sharper than any other
blade in the universe.
Let's find some targets for it!
C'mon, whaddaya say, Gohan?
What's the worst
that can happen?
Let's see here. Hmmm. Nice.
[GOKU grunts]
You can start... by trying
to slice this boulder.
This is gonna be so cool.
[SUPREME KAI gasps]
Okay! Let's do it, son!
Try cutting it in half
with just one slice!
Ha! I bet I go
through it faster than
you with a bowl
of mom's cooking!
C'mon, Z-Sword,
let's see what you're made of.
[GOKU grunts]
Haaa!
[gasps]
[chuckles]
It was even easier
than you thought, Gohan!
All right!
[chuckles]
Woo! Swords don't get
much sharper than that.
[SUPREME KAI]
Hold on just a moment.
[GOKU]
Hm?
Let's try something harder
to really push
the sword's limits.
[GOKU]
Huh?!
It's all yours, Goku.
[GOKU grunts]
Uh! What is it?
The hardest element
ever discovered
in the known universe.
It's called Katchintite.
Hm. Whoa. That's hard.
Yes. Throw it up in the air
for Gohan to test!
[GOKU chuckles]
I'd be happy to! Batter up!
[GOHAN]
Let's do this!
Ready, set...
[GOHAN grunts]
--[GOKU] Hike!
--[GOHAN yells]
[yells]
[GOHAN shrieks]
[shrieks]
[GOKU]
Huh?
No. It broke?
That's impossible!
Ah! No!
He broke what cannot
be broken! All is lost!
The--The Z-Sword is gone!
I--uh. Hey.
I hate to point fingers,
but swinging the Z-Sword
at that crazy space cube
was kinda your idea.
But, the legend says
whoever successfully
wields the Z-Sword will hold
the greatest power ever.
You broke it.
The holiest of all relics
in this sanctuary of the Kais.
I don't mean to be rude,
but I guess your guys'
legend was wrong.
But look on the bright side.
Thanks to the Z-Sword
being super-heavy,
I got an awesome
upper-body workout
just by swinging it around
for a couple hours.
Maybe my newly ripped
biceps and triceps
are what the legend
is talking about
when it says whoever
can wield the Z-Sword
will end up getting
some kind of superpowers.
Yes, that must be correct.
We interpreted the legend wrong.
If the sword's weight
made you this much stronger
in your normal state,
imagine how much stronger
you'll become when
you're Super Saiyan!
[KIBITO]
Mhmm. Mmmm.
Well, I'm glad
we're in agreement.
The Z-Sword's legendary power
is really just
an upper body workout.
Yeah, I guess.
But is he really stronger
than Majin Buu, now?
I'm not so sure.
But this has to be it, Goku.
It's the only way
it makes sense.
--[ELDER KAI laughs]
--[SUPREME KAI, KIBITO shriek]
[ELDER KAI]
No, no, no.
None of you are anywhere
close to having it right!
Hey, guys. When did
that old man get here?
[SUPREME KAI]
Excuse me, sir. Who are you?
All right.
You'll be very surprised
to learn that I am--
Oh, I can't wait to tell you.
I-- Oh boy. I'm sorta you.
Well, the same rank.
I'm also Supreme Kai
but I'm from 15 generations ago.
Aaah! Fifteen generations ago?
[KIBITO]
What? This cannot be!
--[GOKU] Huh?
--[GOHAN] Mm-mmm-mmm.
[NARRATOR] The blade
of the legendary Z-Sword
lies broken on the ground!
But a strange old man
claiming to be a Supreme Kai
from 15 generations
in the past
may hold the answers
to everyone's questions!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Once the Z-Sword broke,
this crazy old guy appeared!
He says he was the Supreme Kai,
only thousands of years ago!
[ELDER KAI] I may be old,
but the powers I possess
are capable of
defeating even someone
as powerful as this
Majin Buu fella.
[GOKU]
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN] All right! It looks
like Goten and Trunks
have finally figured out Fusion!